Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-create-react-app.mdx

Your CRA might "just work" in Astro! But, you may likely need to make minor adjustments to duplicate your existing app's functionality and/or styles.

If you cannot find your answers within these docs, please visit the [Astro Discord](https://astro.build/chat) and ask questions in our support forum!

## Community Resources

<CardGrid>

  <LinkCard title="Code Fix: The SIBA Website's Move from Create-React-App to Astro" href="https://brittanisavery.com/post/move-siba-to-astro"/>

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Create React App to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Gatsby site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-create-react-app.mdx)!
```
